# E-Commerce-Data-Analysis (check the report pdf for complete details)

## Nowadays, online shopping is becoming more and more popular. People could shop whatever they want at home with a few finger clicks, and need not to consider all those bothersome transportations to get to the shopping mall and the energy and time spent with the in-store assistants. People could even spend more time on comparing different products and deciding what to buy. Driven by this trend, it is very important for eshop owners to explore what is really valued by customers in order to make more profit. Besides those eshop owners, other readers who are online shopper can gain insightful, experienced reports from most of the other online shoppers. So they can aviod some fraud info in the eshops.

## The primary goal of our project is to explore differenct influencing factors (namely product price, delivery length, payment method, quantity of product photos, and the geographic position of customers) on customer's e-purshace bahaviors and satisfaction, so that we could predict customers' purchase preference and the trend of ecommerce.

>Shuyun is an experienced accessories e-shop owner, and he would like to get some inspiration on how to improve his e-shop to make more benefit by analyzing the customer data; and Yuehan is an experienced online shopper who is very familiar with different factors involved in online shopping that could potentially affect customers' behavior and preference. Hence, this data exploration is especially meaningful and interesting for us.

>This data was from https://www.kaggle.com/jainaashish/orders-merged, and it doesn't have a specific license. The publisher does not provide detailed information either. However, after our analysis, we found out that most of the buyers were located in Brazil and that this was a real 100k+ realtime local online orders dataset in Brazil in 2019. It provides lots of clean, insightful data about those influencing factors listed above and thus, it is appropriate for us to use
